-A dog crosses a bridge (by AI)
A dog crosses a bridge with his legs extended above his head 
at a crossing. (See note from the editor, September 9, 1884.) 
The name of the locality is "Kosheff". It is the only nonnative 
name in the village, and is likely not a direct descendent of 
the name of the nearest tribe, Kinshasis, a village named after 
the Kioskian goddess of the land. And this is the result of the 
use of an English spelling in the early and early nineteenth 
century of the local name of the town being made as a general 
reference to the K.I.-K.I.

-A singing bird (by AI)
It was a sunny day outside, the birds were singing well, but 
the sun began to reach overhead and the birds began to wail 
and scream. But as these were getting close, a gust of wind 
whipped up over the roof, leaving nothing to protect the birds,
and they started singing again. "Where are you?" a friend asked 
as they got closer, so it made them aware of the danger.
"Where are you?" "I'm in the barn", said one bird with his eyes 
half open. "Why do you even want out for all this?" "The birds
aren't paying attention" said the friend, as he vanished into 
the dark.

-A peanut officer (by AI)
There was a peanut that liked to dress like a police officer 
because he thought it was stylish. "The officers were in the 
front. And one of them was the cop" said the officer, who did 
not want his name used for safety. The officer took the piece 
of paper and wrote "I did something that the officer wanted. 
My friend had to wear this, because of the danger it left 
behind me." Then the officer put a plastic pouch over his 
collar. "Now you see" said the teacher. "Oh God, this hurts. 
This is so painful. You see that this is all about my mom."

-I like to drink water (by AI)
I like to drink water in these days so I'll have to. But I 
can do this, as soon as God starts telling me to do this," 
he wrote on the website of the Hindu University of India in 
Hyderabad. "When people think of the Buddha, they mean 
something like a living prophet in a very, very strange place. 
In this way God works in the world. It was not just a religion. 
It was a worldview of faith." The two, the son of an entrepreneur, 
both work for the Burdwani Institute, a temple dedicated to the Buddha.

-Indian agency (by AI)
The Indian news agency NDTV reported in 2014 that in one of their articles, there's a line about Buddhism in India with an article about the Burdwani Institute of Technology (BIDT). "Most of the information that Indian media have about Buddhism comes from a few sources. Some have it in quotes and some are from blogs and newspapers that publish the word Buddhism. This is something that has nothing to do with the state. It's a Buddhist worldview", says Krishnawala. "In terms of the state, the state does not need a religion. They can take it from one village, a university, and teach it to others. When religion takes root, it becomes more powerful and more powerful. I used to think of Buddhism a little bit like a state. But as it is, you are not protected by the state".

